# GMS Superior-class frigate "Phoenix" // 3.03.5014u

Our three Lancers, **Mark**, **Vort**, and **Uke**, make their way to the planet of **Hercynia**. During the trip they are briefed on their mission by their Commanding Officer. They are to assist **Landmark Colonial's** **Evergreen** colony in protecting itself and removing the raiders one way or another. The three also get to know each other a bit before the mission asking innocuous questions.

# Evergreen // 3.03.5014u

The Lancers are greeted by **Brava Hadura**, the militia commander, who will be escorting them to the city proper. While making their way toward the city center our trio is accosted by a sniper, the first of **Evergreen's** several problems. They make it safely into the administrative district, colloquially referred to as the Governor's Farm, to meet with **Evergreen's** leader, the NHP **Patience**. The three Lancers distrust the NHP, each for their own reasons. The group is briefed on the situation at hand, that the colony is being harassed and at times outright attacked by an unknown group, likely colony raiders looking for an easy target. The three inquire further on what is known of the raiders and then are given their first mission: Stop the sniper OR protect the engineers

# Hercynia Jungle // 3.03.5014u

Choosing to track down the sniper the group has their mechs printed, meeting the chief mechanic known only as **"Granny"**, and heads out. They are able to find the sniper easily, too easily in fact as they fall into an ambush! But the raiders proved to be hardly a threat and the enemy sniper, a man named **Saul**, is captured. Surprisingly **Uke** is acquainted with the man, having been in prison with him before.

# Chaus Farm // 3.03.5014u

Before heading back to **Evergreen** the Lancer's receive an emergency communication asking for help. The subalterns at the **Chau Farm** have gone nuts and the family is holed up in their farmhouse. Arriving at the scene the Lancers find that the subalterns are acting very strangely but there is little time to investigate as they are attack by enemy mechs. The battle is won without any casualties but when opening the mech cockpits to take prisoners our heroes are shocked to find them unmanned. **Mark** takes particular interest in an old Compcon inside one of the mechs and commandeers it, unwittingly infecting himself with a logic virus. **Vort** speaks with the **Chaus** family, having an immediate affinity with the simple farming folk. **Uke**, forced to share a cockpit with **Saul** during the conflict, starts to have his allegiances shaken.

# Evergreen // 3.03.5014u

Returning to **Evergreen** with a job well done our heroes our informed that the engineers were attacked while they were gone, chief engineer **Castor Fielding** along with several of his subordinates were killed in a surprise attack. The **Evergreen** landing bowl remains unusable and the colony will not be receiving any supply craft for some time.