# Evergreen Municipal Data Storage Center // 3.27.5014u

Having no faith in **Patience** our three Lancers devise a plan. **Uke** and **Vort** will keep watch and **Mark** will infiltrate the data storage center disguised as **Patience**. Once inside he hacks into the facility learning several things such as **Landmark Colonial**, of which the colony belongs, is actually a subsidiary of **Smith-Shimano Corp**. He finds schematics for old machines and even files that **Patience** doesn't have access to but before he can hack further he is forced to leave. Being infected himself **Mark** spread the logic virus into the data facility where it lays dormant.

# Chaus Farm // 3.29.5014u

**Vort** decides to pay a visit to the **Chaus** and see how they are recovering after the attack. He becomes acquainted with the aging matriarch **Maggie**, her son **Albert**, and his children. **Vort** is disappointed to find that **Albert's** eldest daughter is already married. In return for saving their farm the family banded together to create a weathering suit for his mech. **Vort** inquires into the nature of the farm and learns that it is not a part of **Evergreen** but instead something referred to as the **Grey Cities**. Despite the title the cities are not a cohesive unit or very large but several smaller settlements illegally existing around **Evergreen**.

# Evergreen Print Shop // 3.30.5014u

**Vort** talks with **Granny** about having a special modification made for his axe.

# Evergreen Governor's Farm // 3.31.5014u

**Uke** negotiates the freedom of **Saul** who is allowed to walk free but is strictly prohibited from access to weapons or his mech and only in exchange for information. **Saul** gives up that he is a colony raider and an escaped convict on the run from the law but the other raiders aren't. That they found him when he landed on the planet and he escaped being imprisoned yet again by offering his services to the raiders. He steadfastly claimed that he didn't know anything, including where they lived, as they never trusted him that much.

# Evergreen Bottom of the Well // 3.31.5014u

The three Lancers decide to get a drink at the local bar. They enjoy a drink and a great camaraderie with the owner and bartender **Mir Bahadur** or as some call him **Boss**.

# Evergreen Council Chambers // 4.02.5014u

**Patience** convenes a defense council, summoning our heroes, **Brava Hadura**, a few other militia officers, and his attache **Edna Ji**. He covers the previous mission and its effect on the enemy, citing that unfortunately it seems to have agitated the raiders. Sightings of raiders near the colony borders have increased manyfold. **Patience** believes that the raiders are planning something big and so puts the colony on high alert.

# Evergreen Outer Perimeter // 4.04.5014u

Alarms blare in the middle of the night, the colony is being attacked! The Lancers head to the eastern border where the attack is concentrated. They repel the enemy but something seems off, while aggressive the raiders aren't especially bold, some of them even run away. An emergency comm from **Patience** explains why, the border attack was a distraction, the real target was the colony's reactors. 

# Evergreen Stable Reactor Plant // 4.04.5014u

The group makes it just in time, the raiders have made it past the outer wall and are close to accomplishing their goal. While the reactor takes a little damage it remains intact and the enemy is defeated. Peace begins to come back over **Evergreen**, but it is short lived. Another emergency comm, a lone enemy mech is charging into the colony.

# Evergreen Residential District // 4.04.5014u

Our heroes arrive as the berserking mech breaks into the residential district, and it actually isn't alone. A support mech follows behind it. The battle is tricky, trying to defeat the enemy while minimizing damage to the buildings, including the **Bottom of the Well**. **Vort** lands the killing blow, almost cleaving the mech in two. Its ally turns tail and runs and the group decides to let it go. In the burning city a quiet peace returns.