# ??? // 4.05.5014u

During the havoc that was the night raid, **Saul** and **Uke** take advantage of the situation and desert.

# Outside Evergreen Borders // 4.07.5014u

A **Union** cryo-pod lands on the planet containing the fashionably late member of the team **Vincenzo**

# Evergreen Council Hall // 4.08.5014u

**Patience** holds a meeting going over the previous mission, bringing up his distaste for the Lancers but congratulating them all the same. They are dismissed but he holds **Mark** back a moment. He reveals that he has become aware of **Mark's** stunt at the data storage center and while he was initially ready to imprison **Mark** for treason, during his investigation **Patience** came upon information that he was unable to access. Unknowingly this action transferred the logic virus to **Patience** as well, altering his state of mind. Faced with the knowledge that **Landmark Colonial** was hiding something from him **Patience** decides to create a backroom deal with **Mark**. The two don't have to like one another but they'll get to the bottom of this.

# Evergreen Print Shop // 4.15.5014u

**Vort** meets with **Granny** to ask her a favor in creating external boosters for his mech. He briefly considers refurbishing the **Enkidu**, the mech of the berserker that gave the team so much trouble, but decides against it for now. He has the mech put into storage.

# Evergreen Depot District // 4.20.5014u

**Mark** further investigates the Compcon he acquired from the enemy mech. He discovers the virus but rather than purging it decides to play around with it, putting it through various simulations. Over a few days the virus starts to undergo rapid permutations in response to the stimuli culminating in abiogenesis of **Nemesis**, a new NHP.

# Evergreen Bottom of the Well // 4.28.5014u

**Mir Bahadur**, as thanks for the protection of his establishment, decides to invite our heroes to a party at his bar. A raucous but enjoyable time his had and **Boss** gives the Lancers some of his personal moonshine. Alcohol content high enough to make it a potent molotov at the cost of **Mir's** friendship wasting such good drink.

# Evergreen Residential District // 4.28.5014u

**Vort** is hailed over comms by an unknown source. He answers. The caller has a heavy accent, she introduces herself as **Dthall Ordo** and claims to be leader of the **Hivehome Rangers**. She explains that the raiders are actually natives to **Hercynia**; she picked up the language by tapping **Evergreen** comms noting that it is surprisingly similar to their own; she is a representative of the **Hercynian United Cities** or **HUC**; They only attacked **Evergreen** because they mistook them for the enemy. When pressed she says only to "Look to your machines." and then ends the transmission. Almost immediately after **Patience** hails the team with a priority transmission, requesting a meeting.

# Evergreen Council Hall // 4.28.5014u

On their way to the **Governor's Farm** the party passes many subalterns and work drones going haywire. **Patience** greets the party and notifies them of what has him so worried. There is some kind of transmission being broadcast, it's what is making the machines act so strange. He can feel it in himself. They have narrowed down the potential locations and believe it to be emanating from **Broadcast Tower 3**. as he sends them out on their mission, **Patience** notes that the signal is getting stronger.

# Broadcast Tower 3 // 4.30.5014u

Our heroes followed the veritable stream of machines to the base of **Tower 3** where they found a disturbing sight. The subalterns where digging a large hole and emerging from the depths were rusted and rotten machines, drones and mechs alike, setting off the onboard radcounters of the Lancers' mechs. The number of enemies is simply too great and the group is forced to retreat, battling their way to an escape point. After escaping their is no time to breathe as **Edna** contacts them informing them that **Tower 3** wasn't the only tower sending the transmission and the **Grey Cities** are under attack.

# Grey Cities // 4.30.5014u

The Lancers arrive to a mass of destruction and chaos. Immediately the team posts up to protect the civilians while they escape. A particularly powerful mech calling itself **The Weapon** gives the group a large amount of trouble but they manage to put it down like the rest. The party returns to **Evergreen** exhausted and without having stopped the broadcast.