# Evergreen Outer Border // 5.28.5014u

In **Claudio's** mission to find the special part for his Portable Gun Fir Control(GFC) System he met **Farrah Wright**, an engineer who specializes in artillery. Initially looking down on **Claudio** for his obvious silver spoon upbringing, he came around when **Claudio** proved he knew what he was up to and the two struck a deal. **Farrah** told him to come back and visit him again, if he really wanted to prove his worth that is...

# Landing Bowl // 6.06.5014u

**Kierra** spoke with **Castor Fielding** about helping her create an Auto-Loader Drone for her Cyclone Pulse Rifle. While he was more than happy to help, he could not afford much time to work on it. Completion will be slow.

# Residential District // 6.08.5014u

**Doc** started an unofficial organization he refers to as **The Frontier**, a place for wayward souls to improve themselves and become "*true men*". To announce this upstart he apprehended many criminals, but did not do so under the letter of the law. And so he was apprehended and shortly there after released. In some ways this has boosted his reputation but the official governance of **Evergreen** hold **Doc** in disdain which may make it difficult to gain further members

# Bottom of the Well // 6.11.5014u

**Mir Bahadur**, as thanks for the protection of his establishment, decides to host a party at his bar for the **Scavengers**. The night was full of joy, save for some typical bickering on nature of freedom and leadership. **Mir** brought out his finest homemade moonshine after his prowess as a bartender was challenged by **Claudio**. The **Scavengers** all got to keep a bottle!

**Doc** confronted **Brava Hadura** about her lack of competence, making yet another enemy in town. But his performance was not over, he proposed a game of, reluctantly non-lethal, Russian Roulette

# Barracks // 6.24.5014u

The team was contacted by **Dthall Ordo** claiming to be the leader of the **Hercynian Rangers** that have been attacking the colony. She proposes they meet at a neutral location and discuss not only peace, but an alliance against their true threat, **The Machines**

# Mission // 6.24.5014u

**Patience** can feel the same calling as the subalterns and wants the team to investigate. Unfortunately, his cycling is scheduled and he will be unavailable for the next 12-48 hours

After following the subalterns to the base of a mountain near Communication Tower 3, the group discovered an army of old machines coming from a hole in the mountain. Forced to run from the overwhelming numbers, the group has little time to rest as **Liu Maize** is attacked yet again

Successfully defending the citizens from **The Machines**, the team proved their competency yet again. After the battle **Doc** swallowed his pride and asked **Albert Chaus** to take vengeance against him, handing him his gun. **Albert** however decided against shooting **Doc** as he had realized that without the help of the Lancers so many would be dead, even if there was some property damage

Shortly thereafter **CRT Contingency White**, Landmark Colonial's internal Crisis Response Team, lands at the outskirts of Evergreen. They promise not to step on the **Scavengers** toes but that may be an unfortunate inevitability

Tomorrow the team meats with **Dthall Ordo**, the results of this meeting have consequences that reach far, far in the future...